Okay,
guys.
And welcome back.
And never gonna have a look at something that seems to Fox some seasoned programmers as
well as beginning programmers.
So what we have here is we're going to capture the column letter on the road number and
then would be able to stick them together to actually get a cell reference that we would
understand switches D seven a one Q 406 or whatever it ISS.
Don't worry too much about how this works.
Just feel free to steal this line of code whenever you have this particular need.
So just to quickly talking through it,
what we're gonna do is take the active cell address,
which here is D seven on.
We're gonna split it by the delimit er dollar sign.
Now you'll remember from the last lecture that when we capture addresses,
their returned in their absolute cell reference.
So d seven,
when we captured it became absolute de absolute seven.
So the first thing we want to do is capture the column letter,
which is going to be much more meaningful to us.
And to do that,
we say split the active cell address that the limiter is the dollar sign on.
Then we put open brackets,
one close brackets at the end.
So if I hit F eight,
we can see here that the column letter is D.
Now you can just use road to get the road number,
but just for completeness.
And if you have a fancy deconstructing this code,
we're going to use exactly the same format.
But to get the road number using this method,
we put two in the brackets at the end.
So if a hit of eight,
they go row number seven using exactly the same method.
So I column letter S t on a row.
Number is seven.
Okay,
Now there are a bunch of other things that from time to time,
you are gonna want to capture.
Some of them are slightly are.
Some of them are really,
really useful.
Okay,
I'll see you in the next.
Like to a We're gonna have a look at all of those.
I'll see you then.